Adam Robinson hit 6.7 million ARR in
under two years with his SAS company
RB2B. And he's got another SAS company,
Retention.com, doing 20 million ARR. He
sat down with me to share the exact
strategies he's used to grow RB2B in
such a short space of time. We'll cover
everything across initial research,
building out the product, the go to
market, and much much more along with
his one unusual strategy that's
absolutely dominated for customer
acquisition. So follow along and you can
copy this framework for your SAS
business. Let's dive in.
Adam, welcome back on the show. Round
two. Probably been about two years since
we last had you on. For anyone that
doesn't know your good self, give us a
snapshot of yourself and your business.
>> How's everybody doing? My name is Adam
Robinson. I'm founder and CEO of RB2B
and Retention.com. We do person level
website visitor identity. RB2B does it
for B2B. Retention.com does it for ecom.
Yeah, that's who I am.
>> Legend. Yeah, probably about 2 years ago
roughly we had you on the show. We
talked about inbound le outbound, but
this time we're going to break it down
cuz our audience tends to enjoy like
real detailed breakdowns. Right now
you've hit about 6.7 million AR with
RB2B in just under two years fully
bootstrapped and there's only is it
three full-time employees. Is that
right, Adam?
>> That is correct. I have committed
blasphemy and I'm I I've hired one more
who's starting on Monday.
>> Have you? Oh, four. How dare you? I
mean, it's it's it's a travesty, but
there's a lot of other stuff that I want
to build. So, it's a designer that I
loved for my first company. When I sold
it, she had a three-year non-compete.
So, the non-competes up and I want to do
a bunch of other stuff. So, like I
brought her on.
>> Even say
>> I'm embarrassed, though. You know, I
I've been I've been like uh masquerading
around saying the future of SAS is a
threeman 10 millionaire startup and I
was going to be the one to do it and
it's probably going to be four.
>> Wait, wait for the LinkedIn hate. Just
wait. Just wait. Even so, 6.7 mil ARR
for four FTs. Not all bad. Give us a
quick rundown of who those four
full-time employees are.
>> Yeah, so it's my CTO Tate, who I've been
working with for, you know, since 2012.
He basically has built kind of
everything that we've ever sold. And
then Rob, we call him our head of AI,
but he controls the robots that handle
all of the customer interaction at RBV.
And then me, I count myself. I write
LinkedIn posts and you know I've been
doing a lot of strategic product work
which we can talk about later because
like
>> sure
>> there's like a now with RB2B and it's
only going to go a certain amount and
then there's like what I think the
future should be which would let us grow
a lot more but may actually require more
people which I don't love but those are
the three and then Cecilia is joining on
Monday as a uh UIUX specialist I don't
know what her actual title is lead
designer is is the title she wanted so
>> there you go the whole plan of this is
basically to make it as practical and
tactical for anyone watching or
listening mainly because because of the
huge feat right just done well four
employees now 6.7 million AR less than
two years so I think it'd be quite fun
to start with kind of the early days in
terms of you've done this before right
you've had retention.com that's doing
what 20 million AR roughly right now
>> what were the early days like for RB to
be what was the mindset what was the
thought and kind of what was the initial
kind of plan building the go to market
>> in order to make myself seem like a
little bit less of some type of magic
magician or something like that. I want
to give credit where credit's due. One
of my friends who's a very successful
serial entrepreneur, I had him on my
show and I was like basically he like
exited one company when he was 25 and
then several years later bought a
company back from the company he sold it
to and then like kind of built another
one out of it and like so anyway he's
been kind of out of the game for 7 years
and he's my age 45 and I was like could
you start another startup now? He's
like, "Dude, I don't know because like
none of the other stuff that I did, I
started from zero." And he's like, "It's
so different even if you have this
platform that you can launch things off
of. It's so different than starting from
zero." So, I want to say is like
retention.com actually started as a
feature in Robbley, my first startup.
And my plan was to use that feature to
grow Robbley. Turns out nobody wanted
Robbley. Everybody wanted the feature.
So, spun it out and then it grew like
crazy. So, I just like sold Robbley and
then that became retention.com which is
20 million AR 5 years later. And then
kind of a very similar thing happened.
We were selling into the Shopify space.
I had this guy Santosh who's no longer
working with us, but he's a B2B data guy
and he's like, there's no person level
website visitor identity for B2B. Like
we should like, and I was kind of like,
no, let's focus, focus, focus. That's my
thing, right? And then at the same time,
I thought I had a unicorn in the Shopify
space for several reasons that didn't
actually pan out. But as an effort to
try to generate awareness in the Shopify
space, I started creating this founder
brand content. And if you look back two
years, most of it was trying to like
engage ecom stores. 25% of it was SAS
content about my journey. When I would
write about my journey, it was a
different audience. It was B2B people
engaging, but it was 10 times as good of
engagement, right? Then I was like,
okay, maybe I should only write about
B2B SAS. And then it was the engagement
was so high that it was like, holy cow,
I should listen to Sabotage Ruiz and
build a product for these guys. So
there's this idea that has been talked
about like the thousand TR true fans
essay, right? So it's like go uh publish
stuff and then if you can get a thousand
people who love you then like you can
support. It's like a Kevin Kelly essay
or whatever, right? So this idea that
like go build your audience first and
feed a product into it. The problem is
like that doesn't really happen very
often. You know what I mean? Like I
think much more often like you're kind
of doing one thing that's working okay
and then there's this other thing that
you kind of stumble along that it's
clear that it will work much better and
so you like go all in on that and like
you know punt the other thing or
whatever. But that's the evolution of
the early days of RB2B. It was like I
got this huge audience kind of like
talking about how B2B needs person level
visitor identity to close the loop on
ABM. And then like you know there was
like a privacy camp who was like no
that's wrong. There was like an
aggressive marketer camp who was like
wow that's crazy that's
transformational. And so I was just able
to do an enormous amount of you know
Zoom call discovery you know big weight
list whatever into the launch and the
product just like uh you know it really
took off. It's got its problems which we
can talk about but it was good.
>> We all do. We all do with every
business.
>> Yeah.
>> Real quickly we work with RB2B right now
for their SEO and AI search strategy and
execution. And if you want to grab my
completely free 90 days to revenue video
course and playbook, head over to
breakingdtv.com. hit the newsletter tab
and you can unlock it instantly. Right
back to the video. Was it always going
to be that move for RB2B or was there
anything that happened before where you
almost went with like before visitor
identification click for B2B sites? Was
there anything it almost was but or what
was kind of the signal that made that
kind of hit?
>> That was really the only thing that this
version of our B2B was ever going to be
cuz it was like what we were doing on
the other side, you know? So, we weren't
doing the same way. It's a totally
different like we're resolving to a
deliverable personal email for retail
and we our like thing of truth is like a
LinkedIn profile and B2B enrichment on
the B2B side. So totally different site
go to market brand the whole thing. But
yeah that's what it was going to be. Now
it's kind of like well what's it going
to be 5 years from now is like the thing
I'm struggling with you know
>> for sure. I mean this would be useful
for for marketers and founders but what
was it that gave you the evidence that
was worth doing? Was it the feedback you
were getting from LinkedIn from that
content you were putting to that niche
or was it those discovery calls you were
hopping on early days or was it a mix of
both and other things?
>> So, here's kind of the the product
journey and it's pretty interesting. So,
the first thing that we were doing, I'm
like a kind of guy that's like I need to
see if people will like pay money for
like a very crude version of this. Like
that's kind of my whole philosophy. It's
like if you give something to somebody
that sucks and they pay you for it,
that's like indicator one that you
should probably pursue it. If it's like
no way, then like, okay, maybe, but like
they at least better use it and like it.
People come to me sometimes, founders,
they're like, "Yeah, I'm just having a
really hard time getting people to like
use my product and give me feedback."
It's like, "Okay, I hate to say this,
but you have the wrong product." You
know what I mean? So, you got to change
something about it and you got to like
address a bigger pain. So, the first
thing that we were doing was sending
people a spreadsheet every day that had
personal emails of B2B visitors. That
was not great. Then a spreadsheet every
day of business emails of B2B visitors
was slightly better. But if you can
imagine the experience of that is it's
like, okay, I got this spreadsheet. I'm
going to open up and it's just like, oh
my god, like my head hurts. Like, are
these people ITP? Are they not like blah
blah blah? Then I had Tate make like a
fake profile in Slack so that when I was
walking around I could like pull up my
phone, go to a fake Slack channel and
scroll through four or five profiles and
be like those people are on my website
right now with like head shot and
everything and and the facial
expressions that I saw when I showed
people that were like they just never
seen anything like that in their lives,
you know? So, we were trying to come up
with like I like love these premium
pricing models. Uh because my first
company was a newsletter app and I just
watched Mailchimp just destroy I mean
just disembowel constant contact with
this premium offer. This what I wanted
to do. So Tate rightly so was like you
know we were like oh like maybe we'll
keep him inapp for free and then you
know Slack will be paid or whatever.
It's like that was the magic moment
because literally like nothing before
that we were having trouble getting
people to, you know, quite frankly like
like I think one person p it. It's hard
when you get to where you have like real
relationships with people cuz sometimes
people will just buy something from me
just because whatever I I told them it
was cool. They like trust me for my
content or whatever. But yeah, the
enthusiasm was like 11 out of 10 for the
Slack thing and like 2 out of 10 for
this other experience of of the same
data, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah. How did you get the aha
moment where you knew it needed to feed
into Slack and that was like the game
changer for these prospects?
>> Well, I mean I I just we just were
thinking about what would be the right
way to do this. And this guy Brendan
Short, he writes some content for B2B on
LinkedIn. Good stuff. He's got a
newsletter called the signal. He was
trying to do something like a signal
platform in Slack. It didn't really work
or whatever. So, I met with him and I
saw what he was doing and I was like he
kind of had this vision that like lead
genen should be like a dating app. It's
like you kind of get fed people and
you're like yes, no, yes, no, yes, no.
So, that was interesting to me and I
think he kind of put me on Slack in the
first place and then I was like, wow, it
would be really amazing if like
whatever. So, I told Tate and he made me
this fake thing and then I like walked
around and showed it to people and they
were just like, "Holy shit." So,
>> it's interesting, isn't it? How you can
have all these conversations and it just
clicks ideas. Like we've had similar for
our agency where you get these ideas
where people aren't quite doing it,
they're doing something a bit different.
You've got this idea in your head and
then it just clicks and it works.
>> Yeah. It's wild. In our case, it was the
same information just presented in a
different way. Went from I'm a two out
of 10 on this thing to like is that out
yet? You know, what is the website URL?
Like, you know, these questions that are
like how do I get that right now? I need
that right now questions. I think it was
like the head shot in the LinkedIn URL
just like made it feel like it was like
a real person. Whereas like a line of
data in a spreadsheet is kind of just
like well you could be making that up
you know.
>> Yeah, that's the thing like it's more of
a more of a feeling which I think a lot
of folks could get a takeaway from.
Let's talk about the growth. So LinkedIn
clearly been a a huge driver for you.
Was that always the game plan? was
always going in number one, it's going
to be my personal brand or my founder
brand on LinkedIn. That's going to drive
our signups and that's going to drive
our growth. Or was it let's try a bunch
of experiments and see what what hits?
>> Well, I mean, that was just what was
happening at the time. I had like 20,000
followers. I started talking about B2B
and it went from like 20,000 to 40,000
in 30 days and like 40,000 to 80,000 in
the next 90 days. So it was clear that I
had just tapped into this incredible
source of awareness for me at that place
in time. Literally what pushed me over
the edge of creating the product was
like, "Oh man, like I have such
incredible leverage on this platform
relative to anybody else doing anything
like this. If this is even an okay
product, like it should be a pretty good
business." And it has turned out to be
the case. It's an okay product and it's
a pretty good business. Working on
changing that, but that hypothesis is it
was valid. Gotcha. Give us a taste of
the framework. So, I'm sure the over the
last two years of building RB2B, your
strategy on LinkedIn, I'm guessing has
had a whole bunch of iterations. Some
stuff's work, some's not. Is there a
framework that kind of marketers and
founders tuning can take away or
something that you follow when it comes
to getting as much attention as you do
right now at the level that you do?
>> Funny enough, I think my account has
been shadowbanned since August 27th. Oh,
really? I got an automation flag, which
I don't use automation, but it was a
result of somebody who, you know, it was
sending out these like, oh, comment this
for that, right? It was like we were
like sending people DMs, but a human was
doing it. And then ever since then, I
think my reach is like down by 80%.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Roughly. And and like look, you can be
delusional about your post. I will tell
you why I thought this like I I put out
a 2026 predictions post and I sent the
same thing over a newsletter and I think
it's the best thing I've written in 6
months. And the reason I think it's the
best thing I've written in six months is
because a Alec, my LinkedIn consultant,
who is LinkedIn consultant of like most
of the big B2B voices on LinkedIn, out
of the blue, wrote me and he's like,
"This is really, really good." Brendan
Short texted me. He's like, "I'm very
interested to see how the newsletter
does because this is really, really
good." Jesse Wulette, who runs Sassy
Club, was like, "They're talking about
your predictions for like an hour in in
the Sasach Club chat." And then probably
like 25 people wrote back to the
newsletter and they were like, they said
stuff, right? in the past. That's like a
150,000 impression phenomenon for me.
Maybe 250, right? It's gotten 13,000
impressions.
>> Yeah, that's not great, is it?
>> So, like I think I'm I think I'm
literally just like handcuffed right now
for some reason, which is like a weird
thing, right? So, like this is happening
at this interesting time where I'm
thinking about what the future of RB2B
is and I'm realizing I'm totally
beholden to this machine. And Alec would
say it's just me because it hasn't
happened to his other clients. It's nice
to have a guy who like deals with a
bunch of other people who are creating
content at this caliber, but you know,
it's like this is reality. I need to
come up with other ways to market my
company other than this this founder
brand thing. That's an aside.
>> Interesting to know though.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. It's a weird thing.
Yeah. I think the question, if you said
it differently, was like, how does
somebody break through on LinkedIn? I I
was kind of like at this level and like
no one knew who I was and then like all
of a sudden like I was uh very prolific.
So I think what what it was for me was I
think I was a first mover on a radical
level of transparency in building in
public with SAS at a time when a lot of
people including myself were getting
like disembowled by the changing market
for SAS as the zero interest rate policy
environment sort of got pulled back and
I was willing to talk about it. Let me
say something else too. I want to
qualify this by saying I had been
dedicating an unbelievable amount of
effort to trying to figure this out for
a year before it clicked. Right. I can
get very obsessive about things. I think
if you can't get very obsessive about
things, you should probably find another
job.
>> I think most entrepreneurs can, right?
>> Or just give up. Yeah. Or just give up
on your career altogether and just like
go live in the woods. In order for
something like this to happen to you in
almost all circumstances, you would have
to have obsessively tried to figure it
out for some period of time. And and
then like you said, there's like a
moment that clicks. Like the moment that
clicked for me was like okay I am
operating a gross stage SAS and building
in public so I was like over 20 million
AR nobody else was right like there's no
one else maybe like a couple people at 1
million AR were now you see it all the
time cuz people saw it work so well for
me right so like the gamma CEO is like
kind of doing it at like 100 million AR
right so that hurts me a little bit on
the margin but like I love that he's
doing it cuz I love his content
>> who's doing that say that again
>> like the gamma CEO the AI PowerPoint
yeah look at his stuff if you never have
it's some build in public but it's like
it's just really really good stuff and
then you have to create content that is
not out there and I think a problem
unrelated to my LinkedIn content getting
blocked I have like a way of doing stuff
and writing and like now you know I've
made a course about it AI is out there
writing posts for people there is a lot
of stuff whereas like no posts used to
look like mine like a lot of them look
like my style so like now I'm in the
process of being okay what's the next so
now that my style's noise like what's
the opposite of that right so I got to
come up with that. But at the time,
again, it's like you can't make stuff
that looks like everything else. It's
got to be out there a little bit. My out
there was like, A, I had unique numbers
for what I was saying. I was sharing
unique numbers, right? B, I was sharing
things like we just laid off 40% of our
staff. Who the [__] would post something
like that? It's just crazy. I didn't
want to, but I'm committed to this build
in public thing and what makes it so
good.
>> Yeah, I think you're right. I can
remember like Chili Piper and other
companies like that, you know, 2020 when
SAS funding and VC funding got got
really tough and I remember a bunch of
companies doing layoff host, but they
were always like vague and generic. They
were never specific.
>> Yeah. And then I had this view on
outreach in general that the act of
sitting a 20-year-old in front of the
laptop and outreach.io and like giving
them a mouse and telling them to click
things was not going to work anymore. So
I was talking about that a lot which was
weird because there were like tens of
thousands of people doing that in SAS at
the time you know and now I don't think
there are I think there are some people
doing outreach but it's like a lot
different than that it's just not this
like you know scale it out spring pray
>> sure
>> yeah I talk a lot about bootstrap versus
VC which is always a great topic because
it's just a great topic like yes of
course people like Elon Musk should
raise venture to like send people to
Mars there's no other way to do that s
open AI should like be funded, right?
And then there's like a few tiers of
founders below them that should also go
on this route of venture. The whole
information tunnel of like YC and VC is
pulling people and their businesses into
it that would have great businesses and
great lives if they stayed far away,
right? So, and that's just a fact. And
the numbers are most of them by like
80%.
>> Should never have gone that route. And
since that's a fact, yet there are these
incredible outliers that makes the
founders billionaires and like it makes
the investors money and like whatever.
Those outliers are what keep the story
going. It's this fantastic debate,
right? Like which is that's a core
pillar of my stuff and always will be,
you know, advocating for bootstrap,
>> you know.
>> Yeah. It resonates well, doesn't it,
with with folks that aren't taking
funding. Curious to know cuz I think
you're friends with Chris Walker who
used to run Refined Labs.
>> Yeah. For me, I've said this to a few
people, like my LinkedIn following is
limited. But back in, I don't know,
maybe 2019 roughly to 2022, it felt to
me like Chris Walker is kind of what you
are now in terms of his level. I didn't
know anyone that was kind of posting
content and getting that level of
engagement in the kind of B2B tech and
SAS arena, but it was almost like he was
so out there, he didn't coin demand
genen, but he pushed it at a polarizing
level and made a lot of marketers kind
of almost, I don't want to use the word
sucked in, but get kind of focused on
that. and he almost coined it before
going on to I think selling his shares
in refined labs but it felt like up
until that point moment when he kind of
faded away in 22 23 whenever it was it
kind of you came into play and it was
almost like you took the highlights from
him was he much of an inspiration for
yourself in terms of how he presented
himself
>> I would say I completely ripped off his
playbook
I'm like a student of the game right so
I'm trying to figure out like why
>> we all are
>> why this works and I looked at Chris got
a lot of things going for him I had this
interest in using video because I
thought that the parasocial relationship
with video went way beyond the
engagement metrics that LinkedIn shows
you, right? If you got less engagement
but you use video, it' actually be
better for you in the long run and not
in a way that could be measured and I
used a lot of video and I believe that
that's the case for me. It has helped a
lot. So Chris was a guy using video,
these talking heads. I was fascinated by
it. You know, I tried to read as much of
his stuff as I could and man, I just
thought he sounded like so [__]
smart. He had this podcast. The funnel
was interesting. It was like big
LinkedIn post and then his visit my
website was listen to the pod. So his
whole thing was just like get people
reading then they're like cool like well
let me listen to this guy for a little
bit. Listen to him. Great voice, you
know, just super authoritative and like
how he speaks about stuff. I mean he
really has hard beliefs on [__] and like
if you don't believe it, you're an
idiot. You know what I mean? Like like
if you don't think exactly what he
thinks like
>> that was the way it was presented,
wasn't it? In his case back then. Demand
general or nothing. you just like need
to like go back to school or something
because you're just missing this whole
[__] thing. And then there was this
moment where I'm driving back home from
Aspen, Colorado four summers ago, which
by the way, I'm moving full-time to
Aspen, Colorado in 2 weeks, which I'm
very excited about. Pushing this
lifestyle business idea to the absolute
extreme. Everybody loves making fun of
SAS guys for their little lifestyle
businesses because that's like the VC
way to say like, "Oh, that's cute. I'm
going to go like talk to somebody who
matters." I'm going to try to again push
it to the absolute extreme by living in
this like paradise. So, I'm driving home
from Aspen, which is 15 and a half
hours. I put Chris's podcast on. The
first two hours I'm like, "Okay, cool.
Hero pipeline. Yeah, multi-touch
attribution, stupid, whatever." And then
on the third hour, I notice he's saying
all of the same stuff just over and over
and over again to the same people. You
know what I mean? It takes hours to
realize that with him, but then like I
was like, "Holy c." And then I kept
listening literally like six or eight
hours of his content. I'm like, this is
like the same four things over and over
again. And then I started looking back
through a ton of his LinkedIn posts. And
this dude's a master because, and I
think this is a really important thing
about how to think about being a content
creator. So, he is a master at you start
reading a post and then you don't know
until like threequarters of the way
through that he's got you again with
this multi-touch attribution [__] It's
like, oh my god. Yeah. He's like pulling
you along. It's like, oh, this is just a
multi-touch attribution post yet.
He's incredible at like saying the same
thing over and over and over again from
an angle where you don't realize it's
the same thing, right? And you have to
be incredibly
deep into his content to realize that
that's what's happening. But that is how
you do it. That's how you like become
known for something. You say the same
couple things over and over again in a
thousand different ways on every single
possible channel. And then you're the
guy that is that, right? What am I? I
got asked this on a podcast one time.
I'm like, well, do you want to know what
people on LinkedIn think that I am, or
do you want to know like who I am as
like a dad or whatever? No, like
LinkedIn. It's okay. Well, I have made a
very clear and conscious effort to make
myself known as a bootstrapped founder
who builds in public, is wildly
transparent, and you know, there's a few
other these smaller things that like
rotate on and off. And I think if you
asked anybody who reads my stuff on
LinkedIn what I am, they would just say
that it has been very intentional.
Right? So, I'm going to circle back to
Chris Walker to close this point. When I
got home, I was so moved by this, by the
possibility that like I could do
something similar. And I just loved the
approach he had. I made a spreadsheet,
which we can link to in the show notes.
I still have it.
>> Sure.
>> And it's like everything Chris is
saying, right? Like main point and then
sub points and like enemies, right?
Metaphorical enemies that you have.
Chris Walker, the demand genen is the
enemy of the whatever, the the the
legion. And then I'm like, well, what
could my version of that be? So I
spelled it all out
>> and it was kind of like the meat of all
of my posts. And after that it started
taking off. I always tell people you
should do that to me. There there's this
other part of it where there's like
there's a way to write LinkedIn posts,
right? There's like an architecture of a
post. And I also say go back through
every post of mine that's not like a
comment for XY or whatever cuz that's
sort of cheating. Any like real bangers
over a,000 likes or whatever, just kind
of put them all in a row and like see
the architecture of the post. See if you
can put your story on that architecture
because you know LinkedIn likes the
bones of that post. So, if you can put
your meat on those bones, it's got a way
higher chance of working than you just
like starting from scratch.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I think that's a nice way of
summing it up. I feel like a lot of what
I've done is similar. Consumed a ton of
content like Chris Walker back in the
day, loads of other founders,
entrepreneurs, B2B marketers, Homozy,
etc., and kind of getting their ideas,
trying a lot of [__] and then seeing
what feels right, where I can put my
spin, where I can put my angle. So, in
your case, you're talking about kind of
bootstrapping, antiv radically
transparent. In our case of breaking
B2B, it's basically we try and be the
opposite of what every SEO agency is.
They say 12 months, we say 90 days. They
post about stats. I'll post a video of
me doing a Nickelback B2B marketing
video. It's kind of thinking how can you
put your spin on that? And is it
something that can be taught or do you
think it's like can you just grab
templates and put your spin on? Is it
something that's got to be ingrained
like the storytelling, the logic, the
thought? I use the word prolific, but
like I would include somebody who's got
a real Instagram game that's just a
teenager, but they've been like making
very good Instagram content for a long
time. But it requires this commitment.
It's like learning a language. Like
think about how much I don't know if
anybody's ever learned a second language
before, but I I learned like French when
I was 30 cuz I was dating this girl.
Over a couple years, I took, you know,
French lessons four days a week or
whatever. You can learn it and you can
get really good. Like most adults are
not willing to do that, right? But like
there's that part of it, but then you
have to internalize the fact that you're
going to commit an unbelievable amount
of resources to try to become very good
at creating organic social content. And
then all the stuff you're talking about
is part of that. Well, yes, of course
you have to be a good storyteller. And
that's not easy. But like that can come
as you absorb a lot of content, you
appreciate the great storytelling, and
then you try to emulate it in a certain
way or whatever. Like that's kind of how
it works. I'm still it's like I don't
know this LinkedIn thing, it's like
maybe I just need to up my game into
something completely better and
different than this. And it's not the
algorithm. Or maybe it is, you know what
I mean? Maybe it's just like the old me
doesn't work anymore, right? I'm always,
you know, Alec always says like the only
thing you can do is create better
content. It's like, well, this is part
of my life now. It's not taking 4 days a
week like when I launched RB2B and I was
trying to be everywhere. It's maybe
taking like between all of the things
that I do, which is like one YouTube
video, one live show, three or four
LinkedIn posts, and like whatever else
related like stuff like this. probably
my Tuesday is like given to this, but it
is undeniably a part of who I have
become and I will continue to because I
just think that the upside of
understanding it is so massive. And I'm
trying to like, you know, I got I'm
working with a Twitter guy now. It's
like, can I like do this? Yeah. Organic
socials. It's the cheapest awareness you
could ever ever ever ever ever get.
People are showing up to your doorstep
for your content and they're willing to
sit there and take it in because it's so
valuable on its own. It's going to be
what happened to me with you with SEO.
when you want to do SEO, you're going to
be the guy that they go to if you can
manage to to achieve that and get in
front of them and make them want the
stuff. Right.
>> Nice. And like we said, 6.7 mill R. Now,
do you think when you saw LinkedIn
dipping, is that what made you want to
diversify? Like ramp up the YouTube
game, ramp up the live show, work with
the team for LinkedIn ads, work with us
for your SEO and so forth.
>> I've kind of always been bothered by the
fact that the only channel that I can
create content for was LinkedIn. Doesn't
make any sense. You know what I mean?
Like you can't just be like a prolific
social media content creator better than
anybody on one channel. On the other
four, if it doesn't work, then you don't
have the right person helping you
contextualize it who's like more
familiar with that world. That's my
opinion. And like when I say it doesn't
work, I was posting videos and they were
getting a hundred views on YouTube
versus hundreds of thousands of
impressions for similar content on
LinkedIn, right? That had always been
going on. But I'd always been like maybe
I can up my LinkedIn game more. Maybe I
can get more people involved for my
company. Like whatever. LinkedIn's like
really the best source of leads. So that
was part of it. Part of my struggle with
RB2B is like the breadth of my founder
brand is fairly wide. It's like mega
early stage international, you know,
founders, whatever. And like the actual
paid buyer of RB2B is like a US-based
marketer of like a 5 to 20 person SAS.
Those people are certainly part of the
founder brand. It's the only reason
they're buying it. But like if I had a
product suite that was wider, then you
know the TAM would expand very quickly,
right? So like that's part of it. And
then similarly if this whole machine is
working then my top of funnel if I got
on other channels would be wider. The
last problem is you know it sounds like
a beautiful business and you know to
most people I think it is but like the
churn because of what we do and sort of
like the promise of what website visitor
identity is versus the reality of the
fact that it doesn't just magically book
you demos if you don't understand
outbound and you don't like combine it
with other other signals. You know,
people come in and buy it who've never
booked a demo before in their life and
they're like, "Why doesn't this work?"
And it's like, "Well, have you ever
written anything to anyone that has
inspired them to write back and say,
"I'm interested." And they're like, "No,
you need to cancel your account, figure
that out, and then email me. I want you
to know what you're saying to who to
actually move them through your funnel."
Right? There's this churn issue that is
effectively a ceiling on this business,
you know, up maybe like 25%. unless I
can either radically expand the top of
funnel or build a bunch of other things
that a would make the product stickier,
right? Because if you're getting like
four kind of key things to outbound from
us and not just this small part of it,
you might stick more. And let's say I
just had like some combination of a
contact database instantly, you know,
hey reach and RBDB allin-one, right?
Like there's like a million people who
would buy that who wouldn't pay for RB2B
right now. Probably tens of millions. I
don't know. There's like a whole world
of early stage founders who would at
least sign up for that and putts around.
>> Is that the main plan? Kind of ramp up
feature set integrations, diversify more
in terms of getting to 10 mil AR because
you often say that 10 mil AR R is the FU
money assess.
>> Yeah, I think well by the way like we're
going to end the year at like 29 run
rate between everything we're doing.
This will be a symbolic journey to 10
million for me.
>> Yeah, cuz you got retention, you've got
RBT.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it's like I'm
kind of doing this that that whole stray
just to like motivate people and show
them what's possible. So I think 10 we
would hit just doing what we're doing in
the next like 18 months if we didn't do
anything else. And then there's this
weird thing about SAS where like if
you're not growing you're dying. So it's
like I would predict that we would hit
10 and then start moving backwards which
is like not not cool. So then all of the
stuff that I was talking about is coming
into play. It's like okay how do I widen
TAMs? How do I widen top of funnels? you
know, how do I do a combination of, you
know, dramatically increasing awareness,
widening the product suite, like if you
talk to anyone who's had a business
anything like this, and several people
have in the past, like I've talked to
Clear Bit founders, the lead feeder
founders, and it's like you can beg
people to not cancel and you'll maybe
get 10% of them, but like you start
building other stuff, and it just gets
stickier. That's just the reality of of
SAS. So, yeah, I mean, that's how I'm
approaching it. I'm not convicted on
what the feature set is, but all these
guys have APIs. Can I make something
that's like a simple version of an
outbound platform where this is just
part of it but like it's really just
like a very simple version of the
Another interesting thing about let's
say the space like instantly in Smartle
for example, right? Those guys are in a
features arms race and the products are
fairly simple but it's just like way
more than you need to send cold email.
Like they're building stuff at this
point that's got nothing to do with cold
email anymore. It's like just very very
very high-end sophisticated features. So
I've seen it in the newsletter space,
right? The newsletter space has been
around since 1999 and still Flowesk can
get to 30 million ARR bootstrapped in
like four years by having this super
narrow and inexpensive value prop sends
dead simple product super low price and
just like set there and like had a you
know all sort of inbound uh funnel. So
that yeah that's what I'm thinking
about. It's like can I approach the
world with this like very simple premium
outbound go to market platform that is
just easy to use and we can like run it
with AI or whatever and it gets me all
these things that I think that I need
and undoubtedly if that works then I'll
be sitting there saying like well this
sucks like what's next like [__] 30
million ARR on this thing like it could
easily be 100 if you know
>> that's the problem with us entrepreneurs
we think we're going to be happy but
then we want to hit the next milestone
>> I mean you can look at it as a problem
but Like I just think it's such an
interesting challenge. I got all this
stuff going for me. Can I make more out
of it or not? I think that the drive to
continue growing and like building
increasingly interesting and complex
things is actually a huge net positive
for your life rather than if you look at
it as the goalpost always moving, then
you're never there. But if you're
actually there, like right now I'm
there. I'm super interested in this
problem. It's like, well, can I expand
this top of funnel? Like I've built a
bunch of software in the past. I've
never built software in the age of AI.
like how quickly can we get this [__]
This would be like a year-long project.
Can we get it by the end of the quarter?
So, it's all really, like I said before,
I think it's a huge net positive. It's
like a razor thin line. If your
philosophical approach is this is making
me miserable because I'm never going to
get there, then that is horrible.
>> Oh, for sure.
>> If your philosophical approach is just
like I'm really interested in these
problems we're solving,
>> then I think there's no better life.
>> Yeah, exactly. There's got to be part of
the process that lights you up, right?
And I think to go back to your point,
like you're moving, I think you said
you're moving back to Colorado. I said
to you before we hit record, I flew over
to see the guy that records our videos
and your does your video production for
YouTube sound. Flew to Budapest for 33
hours for a weekend because I can. Like
that's the beauty of being able to kind
of do this business. Yeah, there's a lot
of ups and downs. There's a lot of hard
work, grafting, stress, and putting out
fires, but at the end of the day, if
you're able to do something like that,
then we can't moan.
>> Exactly. I mean, yeah.
>> Good fun. Last one, then we'll wrap
things up. If you had to go back two
years ago and do anything different,
would you?
>> I don't really think about things like
this a lot,
>> but it's probably good to think about.
So, like what's so interesting about the
position that I was in? Like if you
think about a chess game or like a poker
game, poker is probably more accurate
metaphor. I was going to play a hand and
then there were like six people who were
going to play based on what I did,
right? If I knew that they were going to
do the same things that they did, I
would have done things differently. But
if I would have done my launch
differently, they would have done their
launches radically differently. So what
I'm trying to say is whatever I would
have done differently, the the five
people that do web ID position
themselves against RB2B after our
launch. So regardless of what my offer
was at that time, those five people were
going to position an offer better than
that as their go to market strategy. So
So that's what makes it hard in that
scenario. I just think it took every
lesson that I learned, it took the
appropriate amount of time to learn it.
And I'm glad we're doing what we're
doing now, which is like how do we
expand the top and the bottom of this? I
I just don't I think if I would have
started out trying to do that sooner, we
wouldn't have been able to like really
hone in this AI support thing, which now
I think I can like, you know, kind of
copy and paste to other products and
stuff. And that's an example.
>> Appreciate it, man. Thanks for the
transparency. Thanks for sharing the ups
and downs. Enjoy the conversation as
always. So, for anyone that's not using
RB2B yet, how can they learn more or
give it a try?
>> Just uh RB2B.com.
Check it out.
>> Good stuff. And follow Adam on LinkedIn
if you haven't yet, cuz he needs all the
support he can after that shadow ban.
>> I know, man. These guys at LinkedIn.
>> Cheers, man. Thank you, sir. Catch you
soon. And there you have it. Those are
the full secrets to RB success in such a
short space of time. And if you want to
join thousands of legends enjoying my 90
days to revenue completely free SEO
course and playbook, head over to
breakingb2t2b.com and hit the newsletter
tab and you can unlock it instantly. And
if you haven't yet, why not check out
the breaking b2b podcast for weekly
interviews with SAS marketing leaders to
share exactly how they're driving growth
today. And with that, I shall catch you
on the next one. Ch.